TRACKING.md, before:

# Usage Tracking

_Pinterest for WooCommerce_ implements usage tracking, based on the native [WooCommerce Usage Tracking](https://woocommerce.com/usage-tracking/), and is only enabled when WooCommerce Tracking is enabled.

When a store opts in to WooCommerce usage tracking and uses _Pinterest for WooCommerce_, they will also be opted in to the tracking added by _Pinterest for WooCommerce_.

## What is tracked

As in WooCommerce core, only non-sensitive data about how a store is set up and managed is tracked. We **do not track or store personal data** from your clients.

<woo-tracking-jsdoc>
<!---
Everything below will be automatically generated by `woo-tracking-jsdoc`.
Do not edit it manually!
-->

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_connect_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L37)
Clicking on "Connect" Pinterest account button.
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_convert_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L32)
Clicking on "… convert your personal account" button.
#### Emitters
- [`SetupAccount`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L54)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_create_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L27)
Clicking on "… create a new Pinterest account" button.
#### Emitters
- [`SetupAccount`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L54)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_disconnect_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L42)
Clicking on "Disconnect" Pinterest account button during account setup.
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_business_account_connect_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L24)
Clicking on "Connect" business account button.
#### Emitters
- [`BusinessAccountSelection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L40)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_business_account_create_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L19)
Clicking on "Create business account" button.
#### Emitters
- [`BusinessAccountSelection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L40)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_documentation_link_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/helpers/documentation-link-props.js#L6)
Clicking on an external documentation link.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`link_id` | `string` | Identifier of the link.
`context` | `string` | `'settings' \| 'welcome-section' \| 'wizard'` In which context the link was placed?
`href` | `string` | Href to which the user was navigated to.
#### Emitters
- [`documentationLinkProps`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/helpers/documentation-link-props.js#L49) on click, with given `linkId` and `context`.
- [`ClaimWebsite`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/ClaimWebsite.js#L82) with `{ link_id: 'claim-website', context: props.view }`
- [`SetupAccount`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L54)
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-guidelines', context: props.view }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'merchant-guidelines', context: props.view }`
- [`SetupTracking`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupTracking.js#L50)
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-guidelines', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-data-terms', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-terms-of-service', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'install-tag', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
- [`WelcomeSection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L36) with `{ link_id: 'terms-of-service', context: 'welcome-section' }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_get_started_faq`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L208)
Clicking on getting started page faq item to collapse or expand it.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`action` | `string` | `'expand' \| 'collapse'` What action was initiated.
`question_id` | `string` | Identifier of the clicked question.
#### Emitters
- [`FaqQuestion`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L227) whenever the FAQ is toggled.

### [`wcadmin_pfw_get_started_notice_link_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/helpers/documentation-link-props.js#L16)
Clicking on the link inside the notice.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`link_id` | `string` | Identifier of the link.
`context` | `string` | What action was initiated.
`href` | `string` | Href to which the user was navigated to.
#### Emitters
- [`PrelaunchNotice`](assets/source/components/prelaunch-notice/index.js#L18) `{ context: 'pinterest-landing', link_id: 'prelaunch-notice' }`
- [`UnsupportedCountryNotice`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/UnsupportedCountryNotice/index.js#L31) with `{ context: 'pinterest-landing', linkId: 'ads-availability' | 'unsupported-country-link' }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_modal_closed`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L54)
Closing a modal.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`name` | `string` | Which modal is it?
`context` | `string` | `'settings' \| 'wizard'` In which context it was used?
`action` | `string` | `confirm` - When the final "Yes, I'm sure" button is clicked. <br> `dismiss` -  When the modal is dismissed by clicking on "x", "cancel", overlay, or by pressing a keystroke.
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79) with `{ name: 'account-disconnection', … }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_modal_open`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L47)
Opening a modal.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`name` | `string` | Which modal is it?
`context` | `string` | `'settings' \| 'wizard'` In which context it was used?
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79) with `{ name: 'account-disconnection', … }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_save_changes_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/SaveSettingsButton.js#L18)
Clicking on "… Save changes" button.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`enable_debug_logging` | `boolean` | Indicates if Enable debug logging option is checked
`enhanced_match_support` | `boolean` | Indicates if Enhanced Match Support option is checked
`erase_plugin_data` | `boolean` | Indicates if Erase Plugin Data option is checked
`product_sync_enabled` | `boolean` | Indicates if Enable Product Sync option is checked
`rich_pins_on_posts` | `boolean` | Indicates if Add Rich Pins for Posts option is checked
`rich_pins_on_products` | `boolean` | Indicates if Add Rich Pins for Products option is checked
`save_to_pinterest` | `boolean` | Indicates if Save to Pinterest option is checked
`track_conversions` | `boolean` | Indicates if Track Conversion option is checked
`context` | `string` | The context in which the event is recorded
#### Emitters
- [`SaveSettingsButton`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/SaveSettingsButton.js#L41) with `{ context: view, … }`

<!---
End of `woo-tracking-jsdoc`-generated content.
-->
</woo-tracking-jsdoc>

Commit message:

Add `wcadmin_pfw_setup` tracking events.
Implments part of https://github.com/woocommerce/pinterest-for-woocommerce/issues/232,
with slightly changed properties as described in https://github.com/woocommerce/pinterest-for-woocommerce/issues/232#issuecomment-998968676.

TRACKING.md, after:

# Usage Tracking

_Pinterest for WooCommerce_ implements usage tracking, based on the native [WooCommerce Usage Tracking](https://woocommerce.com/usage-tracking/), and is only enabled when WooCommerce Tracking is enabled.

When a store opts in to WooCommerce usage tracking and uses _Pinterest for WooCommerce_, they will also be opted in to the tracking added by _Pinterest for WooCommerce_.

## What is tracked

As in WooCommerce core, only non-sensitive data about how a store is set up and managed is tracked. We **do not track or store personal data** from your clients.

<woo-tracking-jsdoc>
<!---
Everything below will be automatically generated by `woo-tracking-jsdoc`.
Do not edit it manually!
-->

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_connect_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L37)
Clicking on "Connect" Pinterest account button.
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_convert_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L32)
Clicking on "… convert your personal account" button.
#### Emitters
- [`SetupAccount`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L54)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_create_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L27)
Clicking on "… create a new Pinterest account" button.
#### Emitters
- [`SetupAccount`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L54)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_account_disconnect_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L42)
Clicking on "Disconnect" Pinterest account button during account setup.
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_business_account_connect_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L24)
Clicking on "Connect" business account button.
#### Emitters
- [`BusinessAccountSelection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L40)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_business_account_create_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L19)
Clicking on "Create business account" button.
#### Emitters
- [`BusinessAccountSelection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/BusinessAccountSelection.js#L40)

### [`wcadmin_pfw_documentation_link_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/helpers/documentation-link-props.js#L6)
Clicking on an external documentation link.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`link_id` | `string` | Identifier of the link.
`context` | `string` | `'settings' \| 'welcome-section' \| 'wizard'` In which context the link was placed?
`href` | `string` | Href to which the user was navigated to.
#### Emitters
- [`documentationLinkProps`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/helpers/documentation-link-props.js#L49) on click, with given `linkId` and `context`.
- [`ClaimWebsite`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/ClaimWebsite.js#L82) with `{ link_id: 'claim-website', context: props.view }`
- [`SetupAccount`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupAccount.js#L54)
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-guidelines', context: props.view }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'merchant-guidelines', context: props.view }`
- [`SetupTracking`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupTracking.js#L53)
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-guidelines', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-data-terms', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'ad-terms-of-service', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
	- with `{ link_id: 'install-tag', context: 'wizard'|'settings' }`
- [`WelcomeSection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L47) with `{ link_id: 'terms-of-service', context: 'welcome-section' }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_get_started_faq`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L222)
Clicking on getting started page faq item to collapse or expand it.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`action` | `string` | `'expand' \| 'collapse'` What action was initiated.
`question_id` | `string` | Identifier of the clicked question.
#### Emitters
- [`FaqQuestion`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L241) whenever the FAQ is toggled.

### [`wcadmin_pfw_get_started_notice_link_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/helpers/documentation-link-props.js#L16)
Clicking on the link inside the notice.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`link_id` | `string` | Identifier of the link.
`context` | `string` | What action was initiated.
`href` | `string` | Href to which the user was navigated to.
#### Emitters
- [`PrelaunchNotice`](assets/source/components/prelaunch-notice/index.js#L18) `{ context: 'pinterest-landing', link_id: 'prelaunch-notice' }`
- [`UnsupportedCountryNotice`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/UnsupportedCountryNotice/index.js#L31) with `{ context: 'pinterest-landing', linkId: 'ads-availability' | 'unsupported-country-link' }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_modal_closed`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L54)
Closing a modal.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`name` | `string` | Which modal is it?
`context` | `string` | `'settings' \| 'wizard'` In which context it was used?
`action` | `string` | `confirm` - When the final "Yes, I'm sure" button is clicked. <br> `dismiss` -  When the modal is dismissed by clicking on "x", "cancel", overlay, or by pressing a keystroke.
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79) with `{ name: 'account-disconnection', … }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_modal_open`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L47)
Opening a modal.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`name` | `string` | Which modal is it?
`context` | `string` | `'settings' \| 'wizard'` In which context it was used?
#### Emitters
- [`AccountConnection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/Account/Connection.js#L79) with `{ name: 'account-disconnection', … }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_save_changes_button_click`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/SaveSettingsButton.js#L18)
Clicking on "… Save changes" button.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`enable_debug_logging` | `boolean` | Indicates if Enable debug logging option is checked
`enhanced_match_support` | `boolean` | Indicates if Enhanced Match Support option is checked
`erase_plugin_data` | `boolean` | Indicates if Erase Plugin Data option is checked
`product_sync_enabled` | `boolean` | Indicates if Enable Product Sync option is checked
`rich_pins_on_posts` | `boolean` | Indicates if Add Rich Pins for Posts option is checked
`rich_pins_on_products` | `boolean` | Indicates if Add Rich Pins for Products option is checked
`save_to_pinterest` | `boolean` | Indicates if Save to Pinterest option is checked
`track_conversions` | `boolean` | Indicates if Track Conversion option is checked
`context` | `string` | The context in which the event is recorded
#### Emitters
- [`SaveSettingsButton`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/components/SaveSettingsButton.js#L41) with `{ context: view, … }`

### [`wcadmin_pfw_setup`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L28)
Triggered on events during setup,
like starting, ending, or navigating between steps.
#### Properties
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
`target` | `string` | Setup phase that the user navigates to.
`trigger` | `string` | UI element that triggered the action, e.g. `wizard-stepper` or `get-started` button.
#### Emitters
- [`SetupTracking`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/steps/SetupTracking.js#L53)
	- with `{ target: 'complete', trigger: 'setup-tracking-complete' }` when "Complete setup" button is clicked.
	- with `{ target: 'fetch-tags' | 'fetch-advertisers', trigger: 'setup-tracking-try-again' }` when "Try again" button is clicked.
- [`WelcomeSection`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/LandingPageApp.js#L47) with `{ target: 'onboarding', trigger: 'get-started' }` when "Get started" button is clicked for incomplete setup.
- [`WizardApp`](assets/source/setup-guide/app/views/WizardApp.js#L38)
	- with `{ target: 'setup-account' | 'claim-website' | 'setup-tracking', trigger: 'wizard-stepper' }` when wizard's header step is clicked.
	- with `{ target: 'claim-website' , trigger: 'setup-account-continue' }` when continue button is clicked.
	- with `{ target: 'setup-tracking', trigger: 'claim-website-continue' }` when continue button is clicked.

<!---
End of `woo-tracking-jsdoc`-generated content.
-->
</woo-tracking-jsdoc>
